Quick explanation of the Commons Clause use for this software:

It's still entirely the MIT License with the sole exception that selling the
software itself, barring substantial modifications, is prohibited. Using the
software as part of your commercial work is still fully permitted!

The main intention is to prohibit commercial redistribution of this software
more or less 'as is'. For example by selling it on the Unity Asset Store.

I sincerely hope you understand my reasons for applying the Commons Clause.
Please contact me if you wish to license the software under different terms.

- Steffen aka CodeSmile
- [Email](mailto:steffen@steffenitterheim.de) / [Discord](https://discord.gg/JN3Jz8qkeV)

==============================================================================

[The Commons Clause.](https://commonsclause.com)

“Commons Clause” License Condition v1.0

The Software is provided to you by the Licensor under the License, as defined
below, subject to the following condition.

Without limiting other conditions in the License, the grant of rights under
the License will not include, and the License does not grant to you, the right
to Sell the Software.

For purposes of the foregoing, “Sell” means practicing any or all of the
rights granted to you under the License to provide to third parties, for a fee
or other consideration (including without limitation fees for hosting or
consulting/support services related to the Software), a product or service
whose value derives, entirely or substantially, from the functionality of the
Software. Any license notice or attribution required by the License must also
include this Commons Clause License Condition notice.

Software: [de.codesmile.editor.tools](https://github.com/CodeSmile-0000011110110111/de.codesmile.editor.tools)

License: MIT License (full License text below)

Licensor: Steffen Itterheim (CodeSmile)

==============================================================================

[MIT License](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License)

Copyright (c) 2023 Steffen Itterheim (CodeSmile)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

==============================================================================
